https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-19884 2.13 CIM feature (#7745)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/create_cluster_on_prem.adoc

    serviceNetwork:
    - 172.30.0.0/16
  provisionRequirements:
    controlPlaneAgents: 1 <4>
  sshPublicKey: ssh-rsa <your-public-key-here> <5>
----

<1> Specify the platform type of the environment where the cluster is created. Possible values are: `BareMetal`, `None`, `VSphere`, `Nutanix`, or `External`.  
<2> Use the same name that you used for your `ClusterDeployment` resource.
<3> Use the `ClusterImageSet` that you generated in <<on-prem-creating-your-cluster-with-the-cli-cluster-image-set,Generate a ClusterImageSet>>.

> <4> Possible values are `1` and `3`. If you are using {ocp-short} version 4.18 or newer, your platform is `BareMetal` or `None`, and your CPU architecture is `x86_64`, you can also use `4` and `5`.

Reviewer: The 'None' platform is for SNO, so we should remove it.
@danmanor, right?

Reviewer 2: @gamli75 `None` is more for `user-managed-networking` which is required for `SNO`. This feature should work for both `Baremetal` (cmn) and `None` (umn) platforms

Author: So to confirm, we can keep the `None` platform?

> <4> Possible values are `1` and `3`. If you are using {ocp-short} version 4.18 or newer, your platform is `BareMetal` or `None`, and your CPU architecture is `x86_64`, you can also use `4` and `5`.

Reviewer 2: @oafischer I think it would be great if we could add something that explains it a bit more, for example this is how it is shown in the UI - 
```
Control plane nodes manage workloads, maintain cluster state, and ensure stability. Using more than three nodes boosts fault tolerance and availability, reducing downtime during failures.
```

Reviewer 2: @oafischer I would also change `using` to `installing` probably. WDYT ?

Author: I can change it to installing @danmanor. I can add a couple more details but keep in mind that this is the callout section for a resource sample, so we need to keep it on the shorter side to avoid bloating the content. I'll play around with the wording and see what I can do.

Author: The user would would already have OCP installed at this point, correct? If that is the case, we'd need to stick with `using`.

Author: @danmanor Can you confirm?

I added the additional details you requested.

Reviewer 2: @oafischer 

> The user would would already have OCP installed at this point, correct? If that is the case, we'd need to stick with using.

The MCE operator is running on an installed OCP cluster, but this code is about creating a spoke cluster.

> <4> Possible values are `1` and `3`. If you are using {ocp-short} version 4.18 or newer, your platform is `BareMetal` or `None`, and your CPU architecture is `x86_64`, you can also use `4` and `5`. Control plane nodes manage workloads, maintain cluster state, and ensure stability. You can increase fault tolerance and availability, and reduce downtime during failures, if you use more than three nodes.

Reviewer 3: What's the difference between using `4` or `5`? Why would I choose one over the other? Is it dependent on what I choose for platform type? For example, 4 - Baremetal, 5 - None? Also, do you need to explicitly define your CPU architecture in a resource or it's autodetected? If you need to set it, where do you do that? 

```suggestion
<4> Possible values are `1` and `3`. If you are using {ocp-short} version 4.18 or newer, the `platformType` field is set to `BareMetal` or `None`, and your CPU architecture is `x86_64`, you can also use `4` and `5`. Control plane nodes manage workloads, maintain cluster state, and ensure stability. You can increase fault tolerance and availability, and reduce downtime during failures, if you use more than three nodes.
```

Author: The difference between `4` and `5` is that 5 uses 5 control plane nodes instead of 4. The reason for choosing more vs. less is to increase availability/decrease downtime. 4 and 5 is only available on BareMetal and None on x86_64.

CPU architecture does not need to be defined.

Let me know if that's clear and if you recommend any more changes. Thanks!

Reviewer 3: That's much clearer thank you! I'm happy to approve
